=============================================================================== 
This file lists the portions of this release of 'Keil MDK-Middeware' that you
are permitted to redistribute and any terms and conditions applicable to such
redistribution. Refer to the End User License Agreement that accompanies this
release of 'Keil MDK-Middeware' for terms and conditions relating to permitted
redistribution and 'Redistributables'. Any modification or redistribution of
files covered by open-source licenses, whether listed here or not, is subject
to the terms of the applicable open-source license.
===============================================================================
1) MDK-Middleware: Redistribution permitted only in object code form and only as
part of Software Applications developed by you or your Permitted Users,
provided that Software Applications contain substantial additional
functionality. If you choose to redistribute the whole or any part of
Middleware, you agree: (a) to ensure that they are licensed for use only as
part of Software Applications and only for execution on microprocessors
manufactured or simulated under licence from Arm; (b) not to use Arm's or any
of its licensors names, logos or trademarks to market Software Applications;
(c) to include valid copyright notices on Software Applications, and preserve
any copyright notices which are included with, or in, the Middleware; and (d)
to ensure that any further redistribution is limited to redistribution by
either or both your customers and your authorised distributors as part of
Software Applications and that your customers and your authorised distributors
comply with these terms.
---------------------------------------------------------------------
END OF FILE: redistributables.txt
